Four Trojan Horses of Vushentai
Meet the five emperors and five feet two adults
Valkyrie palm seven feet
Next week, Xiao Meng, the head of the Xiao family
Meet the five emperors and five feet two adults
Greetings to my mother, my lord
Two adults
This madman Luo Zhan pretended to be Lord Valkyrie
Destroy my Valkyrie reputation
Because of wild words
Steal my martial arts skills
Simply shameless
I also hope that the two adults will recover
Big brother big brother
Who allowed you to stand up?
mine
Why is it that as a disciple of the Martial Emperor, you are not good at learning swordsmanship?
As the hand of the four guardians, he does not know the management technique and knife technique
As a disciple of the Martial God Platform, he does not know the true god
Not knowing the true God
Is it difficult for the two of you?
The owner of Wushentai Chunyang
Wu Chi, the owner of Wushentai bosom friend shop
Meet the Valkyrie